last week's episode had our friend
orange and banana having it out over a
lollipop orange offered banana lollipop
but banana didn't want it so he punched
him a brief tussle ensued and then
banana ended up at the bottom of a lake
now find out the exciting conclusion to
fruit on fruit crime in fruit on fruit
crime fruit salad
where were you yesterday Oh boss I mean
I'm go-to guy here wait a minute Jesus
dad as most of you know I was nearly
killed yesterday Orange has long been a
threat but this is too far well I say if
orange wants a war he'll get a war I
want him bed I don't care how but orange
needs to die
well what are you waiting for go find
orange and bring him to me
who is it
you
I said who is it
your worst nightmare
oh you want to play rough we'll play
rough
feel so cold this time I pay my friend
banana a visit
banana I should have known haha it's a
shame we have to meet like this and tell
your little incident yesterday you are
quite under the radar however with
recent events that have unfolded I'm
afraid I have no choice but to kill you
hahaha just shoot me you have me in your
grasp end it ha where's the fun in that
I prefer elaborate traps to the quick
kill I get so much more enjoyment
watching the victim squirm before he
dies hahaha would you like to know how
you die first I pull this lever which
releases a paper airplane that paper
airplane hits the stop button on a
microwave with a CD inside the microwave
shorts out flipping the breaker which
releases a team of a rabid squirrels
that have been trained to eat nerf balls
when they've devoured the last ball a
pendulum swings up striking a match it
then lights a cannon and shoots a ball
at a target which activates the arms
that cut the rope that you're tied to
you'll then fall into a giant Jack
LaLanne Power Juicer where according to
the infomercial you'll be juiced to
ninety-eight percent efficiency the
other two percent will be shot and an
extra large waste bin all with
whisper-quiet blades how much did you
actually spend on that's not the point
now would you like a cigarette as a
final treat before the infinite darkness
sure
excellent now prepare to die
yes this wasn't the way was supposed to
be ha you should have killed me when you
had the chance
now why don't you make like a banana and
split I hate you
once again
you